  My project consists of three different arrays for 3 different intents. I first have a 1D array options variable for my OptionsIntent. I only needed a 1D array because all I needed the options variable to hold was the names of all the desserts. The OptionsIntent itself only had Alexa read the options variable out therefore there was no need for anything more than a one dimensional array that held each of the dessert names. However, for my ingredients and recipe arrays I needed them to be 2D because I needed each array in the 2D array to hold a list of things as well as a certain position. I decided to hold the ingredients lists and recipes in 2D arrays because I needed to be able to match up the correct recipe and ingredients with the correct dessert. The way that I did that was through a variable called dessertNum which held the number of the position of the choosen dessert option. With this position number I was able to have Alexa speak the right ingredients and recipes by having Alexa speak only the ingrdients and recipe arrays at the given position of the choosen dessert, which corresponds in all three of my arrays for each dessert. This dessertNum was given a value in my function called dessertCheck which was used in my IngredientsIntent. DessertCheck was used to see if the user responded to my OptionsIntent with one of the given options, if the user did not I wanted Alexa to repeat the optionsIntent. I achieved this by using a for loop that looped through the options array and I used an if else statement that returned true and set dessertNum to the position of the choosen dessert in the options array if the users response matched any of my given options. If their response did not match any of the given options it returned false. I used an if else statement in the IngredientsIntent that had Alexa read off the ingredients list at position dessertNum and asked if the user had all the needed ingredients if dessertCheck returned true. The else statement had Alexa respond with the OptionsIntent again to allow the user to re-choose a viable option if dessertCheck was false. 
  My recipes array and RecipeIntent were only triggered by different utterances that all boil down to meaning yes. The last thing that Alexa states in the previous intent, the IngredientIntent, was a question of if the user has all the necessary ingredients to make the recipe. I used two seperate intents one if the user asnwered yes and one if the user answer no. I decided to do it this way instead of using slots because I had already used a one word slot answer in my previous IngredientsIntent and if I used another two slots as example utterances the code would not work because it can not differentiate between the three utterances. The yes and no utterances would have triggered the IngredientsIntent and never would have made it to the RecipeIntent. Therefore I used two seperate intents, the RecipeIntent if they responded with yes they had all the ingredients and a NoIntent that was triggered if the user replied with no. The RecipeIntent has Alexa read out the array at position dessertNum in the 2D recipes array. The NoIntent triggers the OptionsIntent which just reads out the options list again. I did this so that the program loops through until the user can find a dessert option in which they have all the ingredients for and can make. 
